Hi your task is to create prompt based on metadata.

Here are some guidelines for prompt creation:

Prompt Creation Guidelines: 
Ensure the prompt is open-ended and requires a coding response.
We need model breaking in Accuracy or Instruction Following metrics at least %50 of the turns.
As before, prompts should be open-ended coding prompts covering the domains noted below.
Please tag the category of the prompt in terms of the taxonomy  (see below for definitions)
Please tag the difficulty as easy/medium/hard (see below for definitions)
Please add an annotation that includes the list of programming languages involved in the problem. 
Please add an annotation regarding whether the user expects the response to be executable out-of-the-box. (Examples where this might not be the case: user is providing a natural language response like a code review, User shows only a small snippet of a broader executable program, etc.)

Following are the type of prompt structure that will be given in metadata



Code editing / rewriting
Code editing and rewriting is the process of making changes to existing code, either to fix bugs, optimize, translate to another language, etc.
Code summarization/compression


Example prompt of another task:
```
I am a web developer tasked with designing a high-concurrency web architecture that powers a real-time data pipeline for millions of autonomous vehicles. The system must efficiently ingest, process, and analyze live data streams to predict real-time optimal routes. 

How would you design something like this using modern web technologies, ensuring horizontal scalability, real-time processing, and predictive analytics? Provide a structured approach along with key code implementations for handling concurrent data ingestion, event-driven processing, and dynamic routing optimizations.
I should be able to run this code.

```
Above is the example prompt.


Please now create me prompt according to the meta data:
xTopic: Code generation
Domain: Web Development
Subtopic: State Management
Use Case: A developer needs to create an advanced data analytics engine that seamlessly updates machine learning predictions in real time with each dataset change.




Create me a prompt based on above guide lines. Prompt should be simple and small like example prompt